superiorskyblock/addons/README.md, before:

# Addons
Here you can find some addons that were made using the API of the plugin.<br>
You can find the API [here](https://github.com/OmerBenGera/SuperiorSkyblockAPI).<br>

If you want your addon to be featured here, feel free to contact me on our [Discord Server](https://bg-software.com/discord/).

<br>

### SlimeWorldManager Addon
This addon adds the ability to create islands in different worlds that are managed with [SlimeWorldManager](https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/69974/).<br>
SlimeWorldManager gives you the ability to create worlds that are saved with the slime format - a file format that was designed by the Hypixel team to handle worlds easier and better in large scales. The slime worlds are used for small worlds (mainly for minigames) which don't have a lot of chunks to be loaded for them to work. You can find more about the format [here](https://hypixel.net/threads/2190753/).<br>
You can find the addon, the source code and the release files on its [github page](https://github.com/OmerBenGera/SSB-SlimeWorldManager).<br>

<br>

### OneBlock Addon
OneBlock is an addon for the default skyblock plugin which changes the gameplay by a lot. Instead of spawning on an island with a regular schematic, you get only one block that re-generates itself when breaking it. Everytime you break that block, a new block is generated with a different materials. The goal is to go through the phases of the plugin, until you unlock the end world. You can find a series about this gametype [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_QihkN7cxas&list=PLXYjxAo4KISIdiqhoLW_f7Y62hYgHagQC).<br>
You can find the addon, the source code and the release files on its [github page](https://github.com/OmerBenGera/SSB-OneBlock).<br>

<br>

### AcidIslands Addon
AcidIslands is an addon for the default skyblock plugin which changes the gameplay by a lot. Instead of spawning in a world with air and a floating island, you get spawned in the middle of the ocean with a small island you can play on. However, the water is deadly and you can die by touching it!<br>
You can find the addon, the source code and the release files on its [github page](https://github.com/OmerBenGera/SSB-AcidIslands).<br>

<br>

### Custom Script-Engines Addons
In java 15 or later, Orcale removed Nahsorn Javascript engine from the JDK. It means that the plugin cannot use Javascript to execute some scripts given in some places (for example, required checks for missions, island missions success check, levels to worth formula and so on). The following addons can be added to fix the issue.
In order to install them, simply drag the jar to the modules folder of the plugin. If you can't find it, make sure you update to latest dev build.<br>

#### Nashorn Engine
This is a standalone version of the Nashorn engine. In other words, this is the same engine that used to be in Java.<br>
You can find the addon, the source code and the release files on its [github page](https://github.com/BG-Software-LLC/SuperiorSkyblock2-NashornEngine).<br>

#### Rhino Engine
This is a standalone version of the Rhino engine. In other words, this is another implementation of a Javascript engine.<br>
You can find the addon, the source code and the release files on its [github page](https://github.com/BG-Software-LLC/SuperiorSkyblock2-RhinoEngine).<br>

#### GraalVM Engine
This is an addon that uses the GraalVM engine. In order to use it, you must have GraalVM working and running correctly.<br>
You can find the addon, the source code and the release files on its [github page](https://github.com/BG-Software-LLC/SuperiorSkyblock2-GraalVMEngine).<br>

Commit message:

Oneblock setup note
Added a small note on setting up the OneBlock addon.

superiorskyblock/addons/README.md, after:

# Addons
Here you can find some addons that were made using the API of the plugin.<br>
You can find the API [here](https://github.com/BG-Software-LLC/SuperiorSkyblock2/tree/dev/API/src/main/java/com/bgsoftware/superiorskyblock/api).<br>

If you want your addon to be featured here, feel free to contact me on our [Discord Server](https://bg-software.com/discord/).

<br>

### SlimeWorldManager Addon
This addon adds the ability to create islands in different worlds that are managed with [SlimeWorldManager](https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/69974/).<br>
SlimeWorldManager gives you the ability to create worlds that are saved with the slime format - a file format that was designed by the Hypixel team to handle worlds easier and better in large scales. The slime worlds are used for small worlds (mainly for minigames) which don't have a lot of chunks to be loaded for them to work. You can find more about the format [here](https://hypixel.net/threads/2190753/).<br>
You can find the addon, the source code and the release files on its [github page](https://github.com/OmerBenGera/SSB-SlimeWorldManager).<br>

<br>

### OneBlock Addon
OneBlock is an addon for the default skyblock plugin which changes the gameplay by a lot. Instead of spawning on an island with a regular schematic, you get only one block that re-generates itself when breaking it. Everytime you break that block, a new block is generated with a different materials. The goal is to go through the phases of the plugin, until you unlock the end world. You can find a series about this gametype [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_QihkN7cxas&list=PLXYjxAo4KISIdiqhoLW_f7Y62hYgHagQC).<br>
You can find the addon, the source code and the release files on its [github page](https://github.com/OmerBenGera/SSB-OneBlock).
#### Note: Setting up OneBlock
When using the OneBlock addon, you still to configure SuperiorSkyblock2 as necessary. This means you will need to change your schematics (you don't want regular islands for OneBlock do you?) as well as any other configuration files to fit your OneBlock experience to your liking. The central block of your schematic will be the generating block (your 'one' block) so keep this in mind when creating new [schematics](https://wiki.bg-software.com/#/superiorskyblock/schematics/).
> Players still need to use the `/is create <name> [schematic]` command to create their OneBlock island - this can be configured in the settings.


<br>

### AcidIslands Addon
AcidIslands is an addon for the default skyblock plugin which changes the gameplay by a lot. Instead of spawning in a world with air and a floating island, you get spawned in the middle of the ocean with a small island you can play on. However, the water is deadly and you can die by touching it!<br>
You can find the addon, the source code and the release files on its [github page](https://github.com/OmerBenGera/SSB-AcidIslands).<br>

<br>

### Custom Script-Engines Addons
In java 15 or later, Orcale removed Nahsorn Javascript engine from the JDK. It means that the plugin cannot use Javascript to execute some scripts given in some places (for example, required checks for missions, island missions success check, levels to worth formula and so on). The following addons can be added to fix the issue.
In order to install them, simply drag the jar to the modules folder of the plugin. If you can't find it, make sure you update to latest dev build.<br>

#### Nashorn Engine
This is a standalone version of the Nashorn engine. In other words, this is the same engine that used to be in Java.<br>
You can find the addon, the source code and the release files on its [github page](https://github.com/BG-Software-LLC/SuperiorSkyblock2-NashornEngine).<br>

#### Rhino Engine
This is a standalone version of the Rhino engine. In other words, this is another implementation of a Javascript engine.<br>
You can find the addon, the source code and the release files on its [github page](https://github.com/BG-Software-LLC/SuperiorSkyblock2-RhinoEngine).<br>

#### GraalVM Engine
This is an addon that uses the GraalVM engine. In order to use it, you must have GraalVM working and running correctly.<br>
You can find the addon, the source code and the release files on its [github page](https://github.com/BG-Software-LLC/SuperiorSkyblock2-GraalVMEngine).<br>
